[Content] Add jobs and missions about intra-Sol transportation (#6980)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/near earth jobs.txt

		payment
		payment 1000
		dialog `Your passengers thank you for returning them to <planet>, and you collect your payment of <payment>.`

mission "Transport farmers to Mars"
	job
	repeat

> 	description "This group of <bunks> factory workers are hoping to start a new on <planet> as farmers. They will pay you <payment> to take them there."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "This group of <bunks> factory workers are hoping to start anew on <planet> as farmers. They will pay you <payment> to take them there."
```

	passengers 2 2 .8
	to offer
		random < 50
	source "Earth"
	destination "Mars"
	on visit
		dialog phrase "generic passenger on visit"
	on complete
		payment
		payment 2000
		dialog "You wish the workers the best of luck on <planet>, and collect your payment of <payment>."

mission "Transport tourists to Luna"
	job
	repeat
	description "This family of <bunks> would like to see the historic sights on Luna. They will pay you <payment> to take them there."
	passengers 2 2 .8
	to offer
		random < 50
	source "Earth"

> 	destination "Mars"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	destination "Luna"
```
